README.md, before:

# Data Science Projects
These projects are examples of my solution to real-world problems.<br>
View these projects as my professional portfolio.

## Contents
- [Importing&Cleaning](#importingcleaning)
- [Data Manipulation](#data-manipulation)
- [Data Visualization](#data-visualization)


## Importing&Cleaning
- [Exploring the evolution of Linux](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/exploring_the_evolution_of_linux.ipynb)

## Data Manipulation
- [Generating keywords for Google Ads](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/generating_keywords_for_google_ads.ipynb)
- [Exploring LEGO](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/exploring_lego.ipynb)
- [Discovery of handwashing](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/discovery_of_handwashing.ipynb)
- [Exploring the cryptocurrency market](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/exploring_the_cryptocurrency_market.ipynb)
- [Google Play Store Apps](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/google_play_store_apps.ipynb)


## Data Visualization
- [Super Bowl Halftime Shows](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/project_superbowl_halftime_shows.ipynb).<br>
Goal of this project is to find out how some of the elements of the Super Bowl show interact with each other.

Commit message:

New project - Small history analysis of Nobel Laureates

README.md, after:

# Data Science Projects
These projects are examples of my solution to real-world problems.<br>
View these projects as my professional portfolio.

## Contents
- [Importing&Cleaning](#importingcleaning)
- [Data Manipulation and Visualization](#data-manipulation-visualization)



## Importing&Cleaning
- [Exploring the evolution of Linux](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/exploring_the_evolution_of_linux.ipynb)

## Data Manipulation and Visualization
- [Super Bowl Halftime Shows](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/project_superbowl_halftime_shows.ipynb).<br>
Goal of this project is to find out how some of the elements of the Super Bowl show interact with each other.
- [Generating keywords for Google Ads](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/generating_keywords_for_google_ads.ipynb)
- [Exploring LEGO](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/exploring_lego.ipynb)
- [Discovery of handwashing](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/discovery_of_handwashing.ipynb)
- [Exploring the cryptocurrency market](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/exploring_the_cryptocurrency_market.ipynb)
- [Google Play Store Apps](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/google_play_store_apps.ipynb)
- [Small history analysis of Nobel Laureates](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/ManoolK/Projects/blob/master/nobel_laureates.ipynb)
